[doc]: add a section for useFormControl to TextField doc (#25927)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/text-fields/text-fields.md

🎨 If you are looking for inspiration, you can check [MUI Treasury's customization examples](https://mui-treasury.com/styles/text-field).

## `useFormControl`

For advanced customization use cases, a `useFormControl()` hook is exposed.

> It returns the context value of the parent form control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useFormControl` returns the context value of the parent form control.
```
Prefer explicitnes over implicit references (this, there, it etc)

> The `FormLabel`, `FormHelperText`, `Input`, `InputLabel` components use this hook internally.

Reviewer: This is not relevant to the documentation.
```suggestion
```

#### API

```jsx
import { useFormControl } from '@material-ui/core/FormControl';
```

#### Returns

`value` (_Object_):

- `value.adornedStart` (_Bool_): Indicate whether the child `Input` or `Select` component has a start adornment.
- `value.setAdornedStart` (_Func_): Setter function for `adornedStart` state value.
- `value.color` (_String_): The theme color is being used, inherited from `FormControl` `color` prop .
- `value.disabled` (_Bool_): Indicate whether the component is being displayed in a disabled state, inherited from `FormControl` `disabled` prop.
- `value.error` (_Bool_): Indicate whether the component is being displayed in an error state, inherited from `FormControl` `error` prop

> - `value.filled` (_Bool_): Indicate whether the child `Input` or `Select` component is being filled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value.filled` (_Bool_): Indicate whether input is filled
```
One can use this with a custom implementation of `Input` and `Select` so we should be more generic here. Otherwise we don't need to expose `onFilled`.

- `value.focused` (_Bool_): Indicate whether the component and its children are being displayed in a focused state
- `value.fullWidth` (_Bool_): Indicate whether the component is taking up the full width of its container, inherited from `FormControl` `fullWidth` prop
- `value.hiddenLabel` (_Bool_): Indicate whether the label is being hidden, inherited from `FormControl` `hiddenLabel` prop
- `value.required` (_Bool_): Indicate whether the label is indicating that the input is required input, inherited from the `FormControl` `required` prop
- `value.size` (_String_): The size of the component, inherited from the `FormControl` `size` prop
- `value.variant` (_String_): The variant is being used by the `FormControl` component and its children, inherited from `FormControl` `variant` prop

> - `value.onBlur` (_Func_): Function to set `focused` value to `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value.onBlur` (_Func_): Should be called when the input is blurred
```
Let's not leak implementation details.

> - `value.onFocus` (_Func_): Function to set `focused` value to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value.onFocus` (_Func_): Should be called when the input is focused
```
Let's not leak implementation details.

> - `value.onEmpty` (_Func_): Function to set `filled` value to `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value.onEmpty` (_Func_): Should be called when the input is emptied
```
Let's not leak implementation details.

> - `value.onFilled` (_Func_): Function to set `filled` value to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value.onFilled` (_Func_): Should be called when the input is filled
```
Let's not leak implementation details.

> - `value.registerEffect` (_Func_): This function will be called inside child `InputBase` components in non `production` mode to log a console error if more than one `InputBase` component is included within a `FormControl`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This value is currently private.
